all right hello everyone welcome to the
IDF escort implementations weekly sync
it is August the 19th I am NOT Ron
Burgundy I am your host a lunch or for
the cool no takers Jacob Thank You Jacob
if you are here please
add your name to the list on the hackpad
I am pasting the link again in the shank
just in case you did arrive and in your
own time please fill out your weekly
update at the bottom of the document we
will not go over that in this call that
is for async review once this call is
finished this document gets PR to the
meetings for repo and I give us team -
management so yeah so please for that if
you haven't already and we will go
through the document now I mean usually
start with initiatives because that is
at the top and let's get on with it
okay so initiatives the upgrading the
release process that is there's no new
more news from me on that I failed to to
send the PR that I promised to attend
last week but I know that the blog post
has shipped Steven do you want an update
that's on that sure yeah what was the
ship 10.2 paste a link in it has a
snazzy graphic thanks you I could
thought and Eric who are currently not
credited in the blog post and they're
going to be in a minute but yeah we done
its it should explain what the new
response is and why would be the changes
and however the works and how we're
going to have better releases now that's
it there other than go chris has now
finally finished his release mostly
except the Twitter announcement because
it off Twitter and that release followed
the release process that you shipped
[Music]
okay cool
any quick questions on that all right
let's move on the updating the testing
and Emperor process there is a test
instructor document that would like some
feedback I still need to shamefully I
still need to review Jim's poor request
to benchmarks and I'm hoping to do that
this week my week last week was taken up
by many things that were none other
things that I wanted to get done this
week so Jim or Stephen do you want to
give us any more information on that is
there anything more to say all I know is
the biggest are ramping up on trying to
figure I'd integrate
Nomad into the system that is all I know
yeah rolls the way you know there's the
big conference going on so so pretty
much just letting things set for it in
the feedback on that and hopefully maybe
next week all before we with
implementing some parts in the meantime
I'm doing some experimentation with some
of the Google Cloud monitoring things
seem really really useful and
interesting cool thank you all right
any questions nope okay
moving on quickly caps collection
pinning I believe this updates on that
one at the moment gossips sub Freshco is
not here but I believe there is a PR
open against us I profess for
implementing that I need to review yes I
think there's the only thing blocking
there is there's like order of the ipfs
core interface release okay because
there's a there's a PR in IP of s
interface core that
PR is also using so I don't know what
the merge order should be for that but
that should be ready to review okay cool
trying to get to that as soon as I can
subdomain gateway I lie to a you hit you
are here can you update us on that
please so there's a very first RFC
against the p2p specs that proposes
change of text representation of peer
IDs from currently like right now it's
just a multi cache in base 58 just like
CA DB 0 the proposal is to make it
officially a CID and then switch the
proposal is to switch the default
representation to base 42 while we are
at it so it's above the very first RFC I
also added like a template which so that
goal is to smoke test the template using
this proposal proposed change to
bootstrap the RC process for the specs
repo if anyone is interested in either
base 42 or the RFC process for p2p and
hopefully other places make sure to
check it out and I think that's it
that's super cool so you are looking for
reviews on on that I didn't understand
the smoke testing thing smoke I meant
smoke testing the process of RFC of
writing RFC of reviewing RFC it's very
first one so any feedback either on the
process or on the text would be
appreciated yeah okay cool all right
if there are no questions on that we
will move on to repo consolidation Jacob
yet so the czechoslovak consolidation is
done that's been merged so I'll probably
do a release of that either today or
early tomorrow
that won't be a breaking change so we'll
see you
a bit for that and then the next steps
for that will be archiving the old
repose and then posting deprecation
notices for those and that is it for
that and then distributed signaling I've
mostly been focused on getting working
on getting the async/await stuff
unblocked firmly p2p um so I'll probably
be continuing that earlier this week but
hopefully I will be able to get back to
WebRTC upgrades over the relay
connections later this week
cool thank you
I had a question on the repo
consolidation so there's a there is a
major release of new p2p out that it's
not yet ingest ipfs is that right yeah
so that's in the gossip sub PR because
part of the yeah got it okay and so that
patch release will be on top of that so
that's okay and yes right and and so the
modules that are in that that are now in
lipid 2p the idea is to archive the
grits so you can do that rotations on
NPM as well you can you're gonna do that
as well I guess yes yeah okay oh I mean
an additional push also to the repo and
a check that but yeah I'll make sure
that NPM is deprecated as well nice cool
sorry you've already talked about that
oh goodness they do yeah so there are
some spec PRS that are out for people to
take a look at the build of p2p pub/sub
router PR which is basically the PR that
makes I can I sort pub/sub work is like
a close we're just I just did a release
of gold p2p pub/sub which should make
this all sort of go smoothly you know
there's a an issue on adding key
revocation to the IPS spec there's
already sort of like a
backhanded way of revoking an IPS key by
just setting the sequence number to max
unsigned integer but like we could make
this a little more official and then
support it with error codes and stuff so
there's an issue there take a look and
the next steps are to actually start
like doing feature things given that the
pub/sub stuff is basically good to go
from the IPS perspective and also hugo's
can be putting together the IPS ever dns
spec for Dominic Co then implement in go
nice thank you
does anyone have any questions on the IP
enesta I love the maxim siding all right
migration to martinis and they thought
yeah that's another thing that I haven't
got around to doing yet so we'll skip
over that quickly package managers
updates this is listed as just like
general update about the team sir yeah I
do not know how this go on here but and
if you have anything you feel would be
useful then yeah it's to be useless you
can see and where we going and what's
missing and why we want to rethink who
maintaining package pages alex is
looking at working on improving IP I
found components and he's talked about
that and added some comments to the
issue about Dominic is working on fuse
integration is that right and and it's
made some really good progress this week
I'll post a link to a an issue where
he's got some screenshots to demonstrate
I didn't talked about IP NS and I'm
working on bit swap performance
opposite winter net Thanks cool thank
you all right
and then the final initiative is
async/await refactor just wanted to well
everyone knows there's a new PRT living
to BMX which is nearly there I think
there's a test that needs to be fixed
but it's getting close there were some
performance issues which I dealt with
last week yeah there's a couple more
modules for converting no jet streams
async it really balls and back the IPS
multi-part module has been converted
thanks to Alex so there's a module
called it push a ball that I made for
allows you to push up into an X and get
to revolt and it implements this concept
of right V in nodejs if you've got a
right a blue stream you can implement a
function called right V which allows you
to consume more than one chunk at a time
and if there are more than one chunks in
a buffer and so this does a similar
allows you to do a similar thing with
basically two rules which is good for
performance in terms of I think
intervals because every time we yield
and consume something off an iterable we
cross an async boundary and that can be
slow if we've got multiple things to
buffer up and we can process all those
things at once so that's a nice addition
the nipi to be record module has APR
merged and released for async await the
datastore s free module had APR merged
under a released this week at Olympia
keychain at a PR mesh and released as
well there are now 67% of all modules
that we want to convert having emerged
pull request or an open pull request to
convert them to async away that's the
update on that and just one week imagine
that
cool so design review proposals
yes we had one last week yes Tevan do
you want to update one yeah
the resolution was basically plan we had
a lot of good discussions letter wrote
up some of the information about we
talked about Iceland opposed to my
update but basically we realized that
for these cases we're going forward we
actually do need full pads and we're
still not terribly sure how to do this
so we're going to punt and DNS over
Venus ever tailed us in I profess it's
just going to use config stuff like it's
not putting multi errors it's gonna be
some set of config now he's like hey use
this product will use this URL use as
hosting balls cut stuff standard HTTP
stuff no no multi adders in on the side
we're gonna try to fix this and then
we're going to like do a migration and
like fix it big because we don't want
them can either lied or Steven please
post that link so that issue only just
know there's no doesn't seem to be any
blockers or asks from people so you're
off the hook
any questions here there is one question
what is the current status of the
gateways / DHT no change so like they
they work sometimes they worked up
working other times the main solution
we've put in place is we're running a
special stabilized for Angela gateways
and
urania special for instance on the
gateways we also have a DHT booster
system but basically we had a bunch of
deechi nodes and have these nodes all
reachable and like working correctly so
these are both significantly improving
things but the weapons are still
occasionally reliable like this morning
I tried to act something and I think the
Gateway just undergone a GC and because
that GC the Gateway lost on the content
and I they yeah the resolving website
didn't work
come on second switch is not good I am
hopeful if I intended it was like trying
to work on a patch to put the
connectivity between the gateways and
cluster we have been fixing some bugs in
the connection manager that should
reduce the chances of us disconnecting
randomly but I'll start like
improvements officers I get actually
like determines that there is really
useful a transfer here is I going to be
a double that's called I essentially
waited are so to exponentially weighted
averages a really hunkers of I I guess
usefulness or I exchanges really looking
a bit swap and goal is be we record
every sometime we have an exchange to
the beer but we can do is like we can
extraordin record the rate if exchanges
or we really into whether or not we have
exchanged the last 10 seconds and like
basically traffic to this or we feel
like pretty good cracker like we are
currently let's open up here so that
will be like a shorter ranged
essentially related moving average so
like capture like I like active
exchanges then we have a longer range
the one does its slow the ramp over time
to like if you have really who can
change that we just don't solve it
swapping this would capture both like
immediate like we find festively let's
not dismiss fear and long run like we
are constantly using this variable it's
never just going to come up
oh so that's my current attempt there
we'll see if it actually helps breaks
random things but that's something for
significant controverting definitely fix
PhD and that is going to go on to on
testing picture improvements which is
why we are pushing hard on that but this
will at least make the gateway is
slightly less sad when several websites
that is my log of it on that so any
questions from anyone all right and in
which case we are nearing the end of our
time together there's nothing in the
parking lot weekly updates are available
for a sink review and we're kind of done
does anyone have any other thoughts or
things they want to say what would
anyone be like interested in having a
like a design review discussion to get
the revocation stuff finalized or are
people okay doing things async and again
how this you I think this probably you
think and I think it's going to take a
while to for something go right that
works for me
all right well we're le for once but
that's okay it was really nice to see
all your faces again nice to see your
face too Alan
alright cool it's the end of the meeting
thank you very much for coming and I'll
see you next week for another exciting
round of IVF s core implementations have
fun in your week keep on
[Music]